# (JHU Coursera) Reproducible Research Quiz 2 Summary

Description: This is the summary quiz Colin took during his learning journey for JHU's Data Science's coursera courses.</br>

Question 1
----------
Who created Markdown? </br>

### Answer
- [ ] Yihui Xie
- [ ] John Gruber
- [ ] Robert Gentleman
- [ ] Hadley Wickham
</br>

### Remarks
N/A </br>

Question 2
----------
When writing a document in R Markdown, how do you denote the beginning of an R code chunk? </br>

### Answer
- [ ] ```
- [x] ```{r}
- [ ] `<rcode>`
- [ ] `<code>`
</br>

### Remarks
N/A </br>


Question 3
----------
When using knitr, how do you indicate the height and width of a plot created in a code chunk? </br>

### Answer
- [x] Set the 'fig.height' and 'fig.width' options for the code chunk
- [ ] Set the 'size' and 'scale' options for the code chunk
- [ ] Set the 'dpi' option for the code chunk
- [ ] Set the 'height' and 'width' options for the code chunk
</br>

### Remarks
N/A </br>

Question 4
----------
With some code chunks, we may not want the output generated by the chunk to be rendered into HTML but would prefer to print the output verbatim. How can we specify this preference for a given code chunk? </br>

### Answer
- [x] Set the option results = "asis"
- [ ] Set the option highlight = TRUE
- [ ] Set the option tidy = FALSE
- [ ] Set the option message = FALSE
</br>

### Remarks
N/A </br>

Question 5
----------
When using knitr and R Markdown and producing output in HTML, why should you never edit the resulting HTML file? </br>

### Answer
- [ ] The HTML file is not a text file.
- [ ] Editing the HTML file requires knowledge of a separate markup language.
- [ ] The Markdown file generated by knitr is the appropriate file to edit.
- [x] Every time you knit() the R Markdown file, the HTML file will be overwritten
</br>

### Remarks
N/A </br>
